Native backing ownership v1

window.feedBack.audioSession.nativeBacking is installed by desktop Core. It
leases the existing native backing player to a plugin that retains transport
and mix controls. The first consumer is Stems; a browser/older host exposes no
lease API and the plugin continues its existing browser playback.

Core marks a song eligible for a lease only when its current song metadata has
exactly one stem URL and no separate full mix. That marker never enables Core's
automatic JUCE routing for a listed stem. The plugin explicitly requests the
matching URL, an owner ID, an isCurrent generation guard, and loss/end callbacks.
snapshot() exposes owner ID, lease generation, and preparing/ready state; it
contains no file path or audio data.

There is one active lease. All lease mutations and Core backing-file loads share
the transport command queue. Session reset and loadCoreBackingTrack revoke the
lease synchronously and queue its stop before the next file load. Stale commands
are no-ops. A cancelled start also guards both sides of native startBacking IPC.
An engine stop/error revokes the lease; fallback is permitted only after native
stop succeeds or the engine is confirmed stopped. Lease callbacks run outside the
command queue to avoid re-entry deadlocks. Health checks reuse Core's existing
350 ms routing interval, including while hidden for an active lease.

The Stems adapter transfers only before its first audible browser playback.
Play requested during preparation waits for the decision; Pause cancels that
request. A browser source that already played retains its current route because
its capture tail cannot be discarded independently from other page audio.
The plugin keeps its decoded graph for fallback and forwards play/pause, seek,
pitch-preserving rate, natural end and combined master/stem gain to its lease.
It observes existing gain handles, including automation mute, and coalesces gain
writes. Core does not enable _juceMode for this lease: plugin controls and media
element shims remain authoritative.

Multitrack, streaming, legacy graphs, separate pristine mixes, and live browser
analyser/graph consumers retain browser playback. A graph request after native
activation restores browser playback after confirmed native silence. Native
analysis providers and per-source native mixer taps remain future work.

Testing:
- Core: node --test tests/js/native_backing_owner.test.js
- Plugin: node --test tests/*.mjs
- Paired software gate: set FEEDBACK_CORE_DIR to the matching Core worktree and
  run the plugin tests. native-playback-integration.test.mjs executes the actual
  Core lease/player plus plugin transport/shims against simulated device IO.
  Without that environment setting the paired tests explicitly skip.

This change removes browser capture/renderer-bus buffering for eligible stems.
It does not reduce native device buffers or measure end-to-end audible latency.
The runtime/hardware gate must still cover ASIO and Windows output, stop/restart,
song changes, mixer automation, loops/count-in and a browser analyser consumer.
